[Music]
five exercises for the best back ever
this day has finally come we've gathered
together all of the simplest but
effective exercises for your back that
you can do anywhere you can perform the
exercises while watching the video at
home or even in your office all you need
to start is a wall the set takes less
than 10 minutes per day don't be lazy
these exercises can improve your posture
within a few weeks are you ready to
begin exercise number one the neck and
head
[Music]
first stand against the wall press your
back into the wall starting from your
lower spine press your tailbone into the
wall first
[Music]
then curve your upper back so that it
doesn't touch the wall
[Music]
slowly roll your back over the wall
bend your neck forward and stretch your
head towards the ceiling
[Music]
don't bring your chin too close to your
collarbone you should feel a slight
stretch in the neck during this exercise
hold this position for at least 10
seconds 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 well done
now relax and let's see what you should
do next
[Music]
exercise number two the upper spine
stand next to a wall with your arms
along your sides and palms facing your
body
bring your elbows backwards slowly until
they touch the wall
you should repeat it for three to five
times don't let your shoulders sag
forward or the backs of your arms touch
the wall for a start let's perform the
exercise for three times no rush step by
step one stand next to the wall and
slowly bring your elbows backward
rest for a second and do the same
movement bring your elbows backwards
slowly this is the second time can you
do the third time
sure you can three remember that the
backs of your arms shouldn't touch the
wall now it's time to warm up the
shoulders exercise number three
shoulders
[Music]
rush your back against the wall
slowly pull your left shoulder away from
the wall pressing your shoulder blade
into the wall
[Music]
repeat for the right shoulder you should
perform the exercise for five to ten
times let's do it for five times today
the left shoulder the right one left
right again left
and right left
and right and the last time left
right you're doing great only two
exercises are left number for mumbo
sacral region of the spine press your
back against the wall slide your spine
down the wall by slightly bending your
knees
[Music]
push your lower back into the wall by
bending your back and tightening your
stomach muscles
[Music]
slowly straighten one leg at a time make
sure that your lower back is pressed
tightly into the wall let's repeat the
exercise for three times one if you feel
pain or discomfort in your lower back
you should stop doing the exercise to to
feel more of a stretch you can place
your hands on your hips and press down
slightly while straightening your leg
and three
well done finally here's the last one
the tailbone
[Music]
stand leaning with your back against the
wall your feet should be about 15 inches
away from the wall start pressing your
buttocks against the wall bending your
knees
[Music]
your lower back should be pressed into
the wall
let's repeat the exercise for three
times again one bend your knees to the
extent that this is comfortable
[Music]
to keep in mind you shouldn't feel any
discomfort while doing this exercise
and three
[Music]
well done
you've just taken the first step in
improving your posture and getting rid
of folds on your back keep performing
these exercises every single day and
you'll see the results in a few weeks
[Music]
don't forget to hit the like button
below the video and click subscribe to
stay on the bright side of life
we've prepared more great videos for you